You also get the alternative of setting up a template
you want to attach or remove. So I could use template here,
this is html5 code and the template tag doesn't get rendered in the dom,
you won't see template there.
So if I now add the inside a template paragraph here and render this, you see inside a template
but if we inspect that, you don't see a wrapping template element over there,
do you see that?
So this is how template works,
this allows us to attach v-if to this template here, to now also toggle this.
And now you might ask what's the difference to the first version?
Well we can wrap multiple elements in here, like a heading for example.
Notice that they are not nested in each other
and since we can only attach v-if to one element while we can attach it to multiple ones
but we can't say v-if on this element and also have it affect the next one which is not nested inside,
I can simply wrap it in a template which won't be visible in the end but to group all the elements which
I want to group together with the v-if.
The alternative would of course be a div but maybe you don't want a div, you don't want to have the
side effects div introduces, then template v-if would be a valid option to group multiple elements
you want to show or hide or attach or detach to be precise together.